Title: Asterisell-5.10-dev
Date: 2018-10-22

## Major improvements

8x speedup of the rating engine and of the call report in the Web UI.

Better DB schema, supporting more efficiently deletion and recalculation of CDRS, and ported telephone numbers.

More details on the Web UI call report.

Better off-line and on-line documentation: switched to DITA with short and linked topics.

Various simplifications and bug-fixes on the bundle-rates and services generation.

Installation on an host/virtual-machine, instead of Docker container.

The management tool contains all tools for developing and testing Asterisell, and it is installed inside a local Docker container.

Advise if a CDR provider has changed already billed CDRS.

## Minor improvements

Bundle rates and services can start also at a specific time of the day, and not only at midnight.

Added NOTE field to Party.

More informative Web UI in case of reports to regenerate again. 

Passwords to CDRS sources are stored in a distinct ``passwords.ini`` file, not saved in the Git repo.

DB connection params are saved on a private file, and not exposed in log/error messages.

Safer/transaction-like deleting of already imported files.

More unit tests.

Improved the selection of rates in the Web UI.

The installation utility generates directly NGINX configuration files, Letsencrypt SSL certificates, and firewall rules.

Switched from MariaDB to Percona MySQL Server with TokuDB engine.

Backup of data on distinct CSV files is disabled, and it must be explicitely enabled. This because in case of big data there is a lot of duplicated info.

Reduced the space occupied by internal backup of changes in organization info, and job logs: better policies, and remove of bugs saving too much data.

Simplified the presentation of commands of the Asterisell management utility.

Simplified the presentation of commands of the internal ``php asterisell.php`` management utility.

Better support for holidays and peak/off-peak time-frames.

Support of (national) telephone operator codes, and not only of telephone prefixes. 

## Status

The code pass many regression tests, and it is used in some testing and semi-production environments, but I consider it in DEV state, because there are many possible usage scenario, and it requires some more real-world usage. So feel free to install and signal issues.

## Upgrading procedure

In this release there are many changes, and the upgrade is not automatic, because:

  * the application is now installed directly on an host/virtual-machine, and not anymore on a Docker container
  * the management tool runs inside a Docker container, and not on a host/virtual-machine
  * the database schema is from a logical point of view the same, but it improved a lot

I will soon release new versions with helper scripts and notes, for upgrading older instances.
